the walls are riddled with
bullets the concrete blackened from fire
and
smoke this used to be a school run by
the un's relief and works agency unra in
the rimal neighborhood near Gaza
City up until late January thousands of
displaced Palestinians sought safety
here from the
wall on Monday the 29th of January
Israeli tanks and bulldozers surrounded
us and stormed the school the next
morning they asked us to leave the
school and to carry a white flag we went
to the yard all together men and wom
Israeli snipers shot one guy in the
school
Corridor once the Israelis withdrew from
this particular neighborhood those who
once sheltered at the school returned to
see what's left of the
place look at all these cars the owners
made no mistake and committed no crimes
these cars generate income for the
families that own them the Israelis told
us to live here this school used to host
a lot of people it was the final Resort
for people like
me another displaced Palestinian says
Israeli soldiers killed his disabled
family
member my uncle was an old handicapped
man they took him and killed him for no
reason the Israelis are criminals who
believe they can do anything my uncle
was a civilian and they still killed him
my uncle didn't fight Israel my uncle
didn't attack Israel he was the holder
of an Egyptian
passport what used to be a place of
safety and
learning now houses pain and
degradation Mike leppel
elazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer